LaTeX: new 'fontpkgmath' key of latex_elements, use unicode-math (#12753)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: doc/latex.rst

   .. versionchanged:: 2.0
      Incorporates some font substitution commands to help support occasional
      Greek or Cyrillic in a document using ``'pdflatex'`` engine.
      At 4.0.0 these commands were moved to the ``'fontsubstitution'`` key.

   .. versionchanged:: 4.0.0

      The default font setting was changed.  As shown above it still uses
      Times and Helvetica clones for serif and sans serif, but via better,
      more complete TeX fonts and associated LaTeX packages.  The monospace
      font has been changed to better match the Times clone.

   .. versionchanged:: 8.1.0 Configuration of math fonts should be done via
      the ``'fontpkgmath'`` key, which is new at 8.1.0.  For ``'pdflatex'``
      this key injects ``\usepackage{amssymb}`` which is thus now executed
      after the contents of ``'fontpkg'``.

``'fontpkgmath'``

>    LaTeX package for math fonts.  It defaults to:

Author: ```suggestion
   .. versionchanged:: 8.1.0 Custom configuration of math fonts, if any,
      should be done via the ``'fontpkgmath'`` key, which is new at 8.1.0.

``'fontpkgmath'``
   LaTeX configuration for math fonts, which is executed after contents of
   ``'fontpkg'``.  It defaults to:
```

   - ``r'\usepackage{amssymb}'`` if :confval:`latex_engine` is set to
     ``'pdflatex'`` (or ``'uplatex'``).

   - ``r'\usepackage{unicode-math}'`` for ``'xelatex'`` and ``'lualatex'``
     with extras to set the math font to XITS Math (which is an excellent

>      match to FreeSerif text font).  It also makes mark-up such as

Author: Actually in my testing XITS Math digits and upright Latin letters are quasi-identical with those of FreeSerif (I can not discern any difference visually).

![Capture d’écran 2024-08-10 à 09 05 23](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f23454a0-51f6-4c13-87d6-ecc8214d3215)

(character boxes widths may differ slighly for example for letter f and kerning differs due to XITS Math being  a math font not a text font).

Author: Now, upright XITS Math is used only in operator names, and having exactly identical glyphs with text is not extremely important, what is important is that the weight of the XITS Math glyphs for example for Greek is much better fitted to text.

Compare with this PR:
![Capture d’écran 2024-08-10 à 09 18 21](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f133db44-2a13-4108-bf89-e81581a1e25a)

and without this PR:
![Capture d’écran 2024-08-10 à 09 18 01](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b5b6fe2a-2398-4620-ad63-20250317e70c)

     ``\mathbf{\Gamma}`` work as it does for HTML and ``'pdflatex'``.

     .. hint:: Use ``\boldsymbol`` for boldening *lowercase* Greek letter, for
        example
        ``\mathbf{\Gamma\Delta\Lambda}\boldsymbol{\alpha\beta\gamma}``.

   .. versionadded:: 8.1.0 The default TeX math fonts, and their AMS extensions
      loaded from ``\usepackage{amssymb}``, do not fit well with most text
      fonts, the quasi sole exceptions being the original Computer Modern fonts

>       and their close derivatives the Latin Modern fonts.

Author: ```suggestion
   .. versionadded:: 8.1.0 The default TeX math fonts, and their AMS extensions
      loaded from ``\usepackage{amssymb}`` (a package whose usage could formerly
      not be canceled, only overriden via additional math packages in
      ``'fontpkg'``), do not fit well with most text fonts, the quasi sole
      exceptions being the original Computer Modern text fonts and their close
      derivatives the Latin Modern text fonts.
```
